BONUS CHALLENGE FORM
--------------------

For each bonus challenge you have implemented, please replace the sentence "We are not entitled to this bonus."
with a short description of:

1. How it was implemented in your code
2. Where it was used (in which class methods).
3. How you tested that it is working correctly.

--------------------

1. Fully supporting all configuration fields and avoiding the use of magic numbers

1. We build the functions in a way that they can work for any value that you can put in the Config class.
2. We used them in all of the classes we changed: Dealer,Player and Table class.
3. We change the configuration fields and run them with different values each time and saw that the game runs as expected. 
--------------------

2. Terminating all threads (that you created) gracefully and in reverse order to the order they were created in.

1. When we wanted to terminate the player and ai_player threads we changed their boolean value 'terminate' to true, we used 'interrupt'
   for the ai so it will wake up if sleeping somewhere and used join so the player will wait until 'his' ai_thread will 'die' before
   he finished his task and exit his run loop. Then interrupt the player thread and used join so he will 'die' gracefully.
   to do it in a reverse order we first did it to the ai_player thread and then for the player thread  by order because we
   created the ai_player thread after the actual player.
2. we did it in the Dealer and Player classes in the terminate functions.
3. we used print messeges to see which thread "dies" first and saw it was in the order we expected.


--------------------

3. Handling the config.turnTimeoutMillis value as follows:
config.turnTimeoutMillis < 0: display nothing.
config.turnTimeoutMillis = 0: display a timer since the last action (reshuffle or set collected).
Note: in modes without a countdown timer the dealer must ensure there is always at least one legal set on the table.

We are not entitled to this bonus.

--------------------

4. Making sure that the threads do not wake up unless some actual job needs to be done (e.g., a value needs to be
changed on the display, key input needs to be handled, etc.) and the only threads created by you are:
1 thread per player + 1 additional thread for non-human players.

We are not entitled to this bonus.
